Adding information about the decoding attribute (#27166)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlimageelement/index.md

- {{domxref("HTMLImageElement.currentSrc")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a string representing the URL from which the currently displayed image was loaded. This may change as the image is adjusted due to changing conditions, as directed by any [media queries](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries) which are in place.
- {{domxref("HTMLImageElement.decoding")}}

>   - : Provides a hint to the browser as to whether it should perform image decoding synchronously or asynchronously.

Reviewer: Personally I think the old text is more useful:

```suggestion
  - : An optional string representing a hint given to the browser on how it should decode the image. If this value is provided, it must be one of the possible permitted values: `sync` to decode the image synchronously, `async` to decode it asynchronously, or `auto` to indicate no preference (which is the default). Read the {{domxref("HTMLImageElement.decoding", "decoding")}} page for details on the implications of this property's values.
```
